Curation: guidelines for reviewers and approvers (#185)
codewars/docs: content/curating/guidelines/index.md

All Codewars content is created by the community and for the community. The community is the only mechanism for enforcing and elevating quality standards. All Codewars users are encouraged to provide suggestions for improving content and reporting or fixing issues.

Since the guidelines were introduced after many kata had been created, older kata may fail to meet the standard of quality. In such cases, beta kata and pending translations should be updated to improve their quality as much as possible before approval. Existing kata, on the other hand, can be approached in a more relaxed way. Obvious bugs and severe issues should be fixed, but otherwise, guidelines can be applied gradually as the kata receives new translations, or as issues are raised and fixed.

:::warning Important note
Reviewers who repeatedly violate or ignore rules and introduce poor-quality content to the system can have their approval privileges revoked and offending content withdrawn.
:::

## Communicating as a Reviewer

> Effective communication is one of the most important skills of a reviewer. Peer reviews, and code reviews, have been a subject to a lot of research and countless articles, papers, books, and blogs describe their advantages, disadvantages, the ways how to conduct them, and how _not_ to do them. The gist of the idea is described very nicely in the paper [_"Humanizing Peer Reviews"_](https://www.processimpact.com/articles/humanizing_reviews.pdf) by Karl E. Wiegers, paragraph _"Tips for the Reviewer"_ on page 2, and can be summarized in context of Codewars in a following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Effective communication is one of the most important skills of a reviewer. Peer reviews and code reviews have been the subject of a lot of research and countless articles, papers, books, and blogs describe their advantages, disadvantages, the ways to conduct them and how _not_ to do them. The gist of the idea is described very nicely in the paper [_"Humanizing Peer Reviews"_](https://www.processimpact.com/articles/humanizing_reviews.pdf) by Karl E. Wiegers, the paragraph _"Tips for the Reviewer"_ on page 2, and can be summarized in the context of Codewars as follows:
```
